Update the Devops readme with step-by-step instructions (#59)
discoverygarden/bcelndora: docs/devops.md

7. Log into the deploy profile:
    - `aws sso login --profile bceln-deploy`
8. Provision the node with Ansible: 
    - `ansible-playbook microk8s.yml -i inventory/prod --diff --ask-become-pass -l new.node.hostname` where `new.node.hostname` is, for example, `beln-arca-oc.dc.sfu.ca`
9. Shell into the `arca-dc` server, and add the node to the cluster:
    - `microk8s add-node`
    - Copy the `microk8s join` command it generates.
10. Shell into the new server, and paste the `microk8s join` command from the previous step.
    - If there's a timeout error, there is probably a firewall issue between the servers; contact SFU to deal with it.
11. On the `arca-dc` server, confirm the node has been added with `kubectl get nodes`.

## Install the new site

1. Shell into the Douglas College server
    - `ssh beln-arca-dc.dc.sfu.ca`
2. Go to to the `helm_values` directory
    - `cd /opt/helm_values`
3. Copy an existing site's directory tree for your new site.
    - e.g. if you are creating a new site, "oc", copy the "dc" directory tree:
    - `cp -r dc oc`
4. Edit the deployment configuration files:
    - `shared` directory: `cd /opt/helm_values/[newsite]/shared`

>         - [QUESTION: "The configurations in this directory are used by multiple services by being symlinked." Does this mean changing it here changes it everywhere? It doesn't look like it does, as the path from `dc` and the path from `oc` show different values.]

Reviewer: The symlinks are within the sites directory and will not affect another site.

                  ```
        - Edit `ingress.yaml` with the public hostname of the site (that is, the URL it will be accessed from).
            - If migrating an existing site, you may put both the temporary URL and the final production URL here. 
            - e.g.
              ```
                ingress:
                  # Set the hostname for the site
               - host: oc.arcabc.ca
                 tls:
                     issuer: letsencrypt-prod
              - host: tempname.arcabc.ca
                 tls:
                     issuer: letsencrypt-prod
              ```
    - `drupal` directory: `cd /opt/helm_values/[newsite]/drupal`
        - Edit `values.yaml`:
            - `FEDORA_OBJECT_PATH`: For migration; points at mounted path of the objectStore for the site. Not necessary if not migrating.
            - `image: tag`: Sets the version of the Drupal image that will be deployed
                - Usually it will be the [latest tag in the bceln-drupal repo](https://github.com/discoverygarden/bceln-drupal/tags) without the v.
        - IF MIGRATING: Do not change `base.yaml` as it's common data across the whole system

>             - IF NOT MIGRATING: Remove the lines relating to Fedora.

Reviewer: When not migrating it should be safe to be left in place if access to the mount is requested on all server.

            - Put it in `~/arca-migration/gen-secrets.sh` for simplicity.
        - Get authorized with AWS SSO:
            - aws sso login --profile bceln-deploy
        - Run `AWS_PROFILE=bceln-deploy ./gen-secrets.sh bceln/[siteName]`
            - The `AWS_PROFILE` piece identifies which profile is being used when running the script.
6. Install the site:
    - In `arca-dc`, go back to the `helm_values` directory: `cd /opt/helm_values`
    - Run the install script: `./scripts/update-all.sh siteName` where `siteName` is [the name of the directory you created???]

# Upgrading a site

Running `update-helm.sh` and `update-all.sh` will deploy the latest release to
a service. However, some more care is required when updating drupal.

Before updating, drupal configuration should be exported and merged back in.
The proccess involves checking out the currently deployed tag locally and
replacing the drupal configs with what is running in production, then creating
a pull request.

Example:
```bash
ssh beln-arca-dc.dc.sfu.ca
cd /opt/helm_values
# export the configs
./scripts/export-config.sh dc
# get the currently deployed tag
./scripts/get-tag.sh dc
exit

> # cd to where the repo exists locally

Author: Not exactly clear here. Are these instructions saying:

1. On your local machine, enter the `bceln-drupal` directory linked to the git repository
2. Checkout a new branch names for the tag (e.g. if the tag is 1.51.2, the branch name  is `dc-reconcile v1.51.2`)
3. `rm -rf config`
4. `scp beln-arca-dc.dc.sfu.ca:/opt/helm_values/dc/config.tar.gz .`
5. `rm config.tar.gz`
6. Confirm everything went into the `config` directory

Does this have to be done as a separate branch for each of our eventual 30+ sites, then?

Author: @Alexander-Cairns The above question is for you. Will your script take care of the majority of this, or is there still going to be a lot of manual git work going forward?

Reviewer: #63 Adds the script and documents how to use it. It can now all be run from the server. We are resolving an issue with the splits so you should hold off on running it untill we've resolved the issue.

# Delete existing config to get a clean diff
rm -rf config

# Get exported configs from the server and extract them locally.
scp beln-arca-dc.dc.sfu.ca:/opt/helm_values/dc/config.tar.gz .
tar -xf config.tar.gz
rm config.tar.gz

# Commit and push
git add config
git commit -m 'DC reconcile'
git push --set-upstream origin dc-reconcile

# Create the pull request, can also be done from the GitHub website
gh pr create --title="DC reconcile" --body="" --label="patch"
```

Once the pull request has been merged and the new image built, the drupal
installtion can be updated.

When updating drupal, a backup of the database will be taken and config will be
imported.

# Troubleshooting

## Check what's running

In the `arca-dc` server: `helm list -n [namespace]`

This command will list all the Helm services running for a given site.

## Set the namespace context

While working in `arca-dc`, if you want to execute commands in the context of a different namespace:

`kubectl config set-context --current --namespace=[namespace]`

This context will remain until you change it again.

To view which context you're in:

`kubectl config get-contexts`

## If a piece of the installation fails

> If one part of the `update-all.sh` installation fails, you will need to delete the job and start it again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the drupal installation fails when running `update-all.sh`, you will need to uninstall the chart and perform some cleanup steps..
```

The cleanup is only required when installing drupal.
